Charter updates based on side meeting (#53)
tfpauly/draft-happy-eyeballs-v3: charter.md

> ## HAPPIE WG (Heuristics and Algorithms to Prioritize Protocol Initiation and Establishment)

Reviewer: I personally prefer HAPPY (because it's less silly) but won't object if you feel strongly

Author: Okay, I can revert that

Author: ```suggestion
## HAPPY WG (Heuristics and Algorithms to Prioritize Protocol deploYment)
```

- Introduction of Service Binding DNS resource records (SVCB and HTTPS RRs) that
  provide richer information about available services and record priorities
  and change the selection and sorting of addresses for Happy Eyeballs.
- Preparations for the standardization of TLS Encrypted Client Hello, which
  can impact which servers a client is willing to connect to based on available
  security properties.
- Increased deployment and refinement of IPv6-only and IPv6-mostly networks.

> The HAPPIE working group will deliver an updated version of the Happy Eyeballs 

Author: ```suggestion
The HAPPY working group will deliver an updated version of the Happy Eyeballs 
```

algorithm that incorporates changes to account for these protocol developments.
The algorithm will focus on realistic network scenarios and should be guided by

> performance data measured in actual deployed networks. Although the algorithm

Reviewer: "actual deployed" sounds weird to me. "actually deployed" would be better, but honestly deployed is sufficiently clear - all deployed networks are actual networks

```suggestion
performance data measured in deployed networks. Although the algorithm
```

> needs to be applicable generically, platform-specific or deployment-specific

Reviewer 2: No strong opinion, but I feel like "generally applicable" reads better
```suggestion
needs to be generally applicable, platform-specific or deployment-specific
```

considerations should be documented to help guide implementers. The algorithm

> should be described in a way that it has tunable input values that can reflect

Reviewer 2: Maybe we don't need the words in the middle?
```suggestion
should have tunable input values that can reflect
```

the preferences of a client implementation; defaults for these input values

> can be based on what the working group agrees ought to be the standard behavior

Reviewer 2: optional nit:
```suggestion
can be based on working group consensus for standard behavior
```

(such as preferring IPv6 connections, preferring faster establishment times,
etc.), but allow for variation.

The working group will also document the impact of the Happy Eyeballs algorithm

> on the detection of misconfigured deployments, and may provide recommendations on

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
on the detection of misconfigured deployments and may provide recommendations on
```

how to report such cases that might otherwise be hidden due to automatic switching
from one technology to another. Any recommended reporting mechanisms need to
preserve user privacy, allow for accurate detection of broken deployments,

> and lead to some actionable result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and produce reports that are actionable.
```

The rationale for having a working group for this work, instead of hosting it in
V6OPS, is the increased cross-functional nature of the algorithm. As such, the 

> HAPPIE working group will review its work with groups such as V6OPS, TSVWG, QUIC, 

Author: ```suggestion
HAPPY working group will review its work with groups such as V6OPS, TSVWG, QUIC, 
```

HTTPBIS, DNSOP, and TLS.

The working group’s core deliverables are:

- Developing a standards-track document for Happy Eyeballs Version 3
- Measuring the effectiveness of the algorithm during development. This effort
  does not necessarily need to lead to a published document, but should be
  captured in presentations, working group wikis, etc.

> - Producing a document that explains the impact of Happy Eyeballs on

Reviewer 2: Maybe I missed something, but I thought we agreed to have a wiki page or something to document this information (i.e. the previous deliverable)?

Author: I view the previous bullet as "the measurements that back up the algorithm", and this one as "reporting brokenness"
